These tanks are literally about
to rain missiles on this $500,000.
And any money that doesn't
get destroyed, I'm giving to Blake.
But lucky for you, I'm
going to give you my credit card.
And you can spend as much money
as you want
trying to protect this money
from all of the missiles
we're going
to be firing at your money.
- So I just build whatever I want?
- Whatever you want.
But you only have 24 hours
before we fire the tanks.
I need metal! Let’s go!
Alright, let’s go boys!
He’s running!
We're kicking this off
with a sprint.
All right, Blake,
where are we heading to first?
- I’m thinking the Junkyard.
- Blake's first 3 hours
consisted of sourcing any metal
he could find to protect his money.
I mean, this looks like they have metal,
even if that meant spending $30,000.
Definitely want that. Want that
All the trucks.
- Basically, you just want every car here.
- Yeah.
Can you give me any of your shipping
containers?
Let’s go out back!
Yeah. This is good.
Those would work well
if I put them on top of the money.
And is if buying out
the entire store wasn't enough.
Blake did the same thing
at two other industrial stores.
Well, everything I get from you today
I would need within
the next 12 hours.
12 hours?
- I’m willing to pay double.
- Ok, we’ll get it.
It is very quick
to throw my money around.
$15,000
And while we waited,
for the materials to be delivered.
We headed back to the money, and
Blake laid out his official plan.
You just spent the last hour
strategizing.
What did you come up with
to stop the tanks
from destroying your money?
Step one I want to put a shipping
container over the money.
That is actually genius.
Step two, giant water tanks.
Do you think that's your best
defense?
I think it's good,
but it's not the best.
Step three these containers
filled with bricks.
hay and wood.
Step four is my best defense.
A fortress of strategically angled
cars from the last video that I saw.
Those bullets are going to hit
those cars and ricochet elsewhere.
If he actually builts
everything you see here,
I will be flabbergasted.
- Let's get to work.
- Good luck.
Unfortunately for Blake,
it wouldn't be for another 4 hours
until his materials were delivered.
So he hired some construction
workers to help get the job done.
I'm building a complete fortress.
If we dropped the atomic bomb
on this thing,
the money's not going anywhere.
This is like
an industrial construction site.
It started to look like Blake
might actually have a chance
at protecting his money.
But even if the 500 grand survives
those tanks, the tanks
are actually only the first
of four phases of attacks
Blake will have to defend.
And believe me when I say this,
they're going to get much more challenging.
For the rest of the night.
Blake and his crew worked tirelessly
to defend the money,
but by the time the sun rose,
they still weren't quite done.
Looking good. Looking good.
That's the money.
The tanks are over there.
What is this car here for?
This is like my inventory back
here, dude.
Put your inventory
between the money and the tank.
Give me 10 minutes.
And that white car will be ready.
I mean, you have 5 minutes.
I don't think I
even have time to do anything else.
Time is up. Stop stop, time is up.
Drop it. Drop it right there.
Go far away.
Blake, time is officially ended.
Seems pretty sturdy.
Let's go fire some tanks.
I've been up for about 25 hours now.
Just building and building
and building.
I mean, I'm looking at it now,
and it looks great,
But then I turn around
and I see these five beasts,
and then I see these shells
that they're working with.
I really had no idea
they're going to be that big.
You think a shipping container is
stopping that?
Hopefully three of them are.
Oh, man.
All right, it's time.
Load up the tanks.
All right.
These five tanks aimed at your money
are about to fire 20 rounds.
Blake, fire the first shot.
There’s so much dust.
Oh my Gosh! Look at his face.
Look at Blake's face.
No way his money is safe.
So only 19 more right?
19 more to go.
Chandler Fire!
This is way too much fun.
Oh, my God.
All the way back here.
I can count eight holes
in that shipping container.
Yeah, I see those holes.
- No, shot his money is safe.
- I’d ask you how you're feeling.
Well, we might as well fire
the last few shots.
Let's just get this over with.
Five shots.
Four shots remain.
Three shots remain.
How much money do you have back
there?
Like half a…
Two remain.
And of course, Blake,
you have to fire the last shell.
The honor is mine.
After this, we'll see
if you have any money left.
Let's go.
Oh, he's running. He's so fast.
Is there any money?
Wait, it's still there!
Yes!
Blake, it looked like
your money survived.
We got a fresh stack.
I know you're happy.
We're moving on to phase two of four
and in 24 hours, we’re going to blow up
the biggest bomb we've ever blown up
in our history of the channel
around this money.
Are you going to drop it
or are you going to shoot it?
I'm glad you asked.
I'll be right back.
Blake, what do you think is
in those green crates?
I don't know, dude
it looks like…
Here, I’ll answer for you.
This is a hundred crates
filled to the brim with TNT.
How are you even allowed to do that?
I'm not sure it's legal.
And while we prepared
one of the biggest explosions
in YouTube history.
Blake began to strategize
on how to keep his money safe.
Step one, we got to take everything
flammable out of here, man.
All the wood has got to go.
Step two water tanks.
Step three.
I want to move
the shipping containers that I got.
I just want to close them in
into the other shipping containers.
Then step four is just walls,
cement, bricks, cars, if I have to.
Explosion
is a lot worse than the tanks.
This is bigger than that safe that blew up?
Yes.
Every single
thing inside that, destroyed.
The first
time he lost $250,000 in this video.
Are we going to repeat it?
No.
And because at this point, Blake
had been awake for over 24 hours,
he trusted the construction workers
to finish the job
while he got a good night's rest.
Yeah, I'm going to bed. Good night,
guys. This is Blake going dark.
And because he was so exhausted,
Blake slept for way
longer than he planned.
All right.
I got a good night's sleep.
About to find out how much progress
was really done overnight.
Like half…
Empty.
That means nothing has happened
since I've been gone.
And with only 6 hours remaining,
Blake did what he could by covering
his weak spots with spare parts,
bricks and more cars.
Looking good in here, looking real good.
- Oh, Mr. Jimmy,
- What am I about to witness?
If you listen closely,
you can hear beeping.
It's actually a school bus
coming in.
It's going to be plopped
right where you're standing.
I assume it's not full of children.
It's a short bus.
That is just not what I asked.
Is our brand new, feastable bar,
new flavor, new branding.
- You want to try it, Blake?
- Yeah.
I'm using our snack products
to distract them from telling them
where to put the bus.
Dude, honestly, this is better
than all the other ones.
- All the other ones.
- I promise.
Anyone want a piece of chocolate?
Did you get that?
Hey Blake!
5 minutes till boom.
I need 10 more minutes.
Just give me five extra minutes.
You have four minutes.
- Bro, you spraying them with water.
- Probably feels good.
I don't think they agree.
They're literally
getting off the car.
They've got 90 seconds left.
Blake, you're running out of time.
Go! Go!
Come on.
Hey! It’s five o’clock.
Stop, stop, stop,
turn it off, turn it off.
Hey, hey, Blake.
Turn it off
before I start taking your money.
Let's go over to the bunker.
You narrowly escaped death
from the tanks.
Let's see if you can do it again.
Let the sun go down
so it's a little darker now.
This is the biggest bomb
we’ve ever set off.
This is the first bomb I’ve ever seen.
Blake, are you nervous?
Yeah, I'm sweating now.
This is the detonation device. Here
you go.
It's live?
Yes, it's live.
Two days of work, 17
cars, six water jugs
for shipping containers
and $500,000 on the line.
Let's find out if you're going to be
rich or go home with nothing.
When you're ready, Blake.
Three,
two, one.
Mom, I love you.
Oh my gosh.
That firestorm is massive.
- Can we go put that out?
- Before we go put it out.
I'm just wasting time.
Run!
Grab the fire extinguisher!
Go, go, go, go.
Let’s go see if it burns!
Oh, no.
Oh, it's on fire over there.
Be careful of this.
Get off my money.
The fire still going on up front.
Blake is moving sandbags.
Right there should be good.
Please don't be ashes.
What do you see? What do you see?
- I see green!
- Oh, my gosh.
Yeah, baby!
Yeah!
I see a lot of dirt on it,
but it seems it survived.
Whoa.
I knew it.
Blake, you've officially completed
phase two of four.
Do you want to see
what the next challenge is?
Yes.
All right, Blake, for your third
challenge,
we're going to be dropping
flaming cars filled with gasoline
on top of your money.
Can you tell me how many cars?
- A lot.
- A lot?
A lot.
This is going to be the hardest
phase yet.
Not only will Blake have to deflect
the attack from the sky,
but he'll also have to protect his
money from the flammable gasoline
seeping through the cracks
of his defense.
And after we drop the cars,
I have another surprise.
Good luck.
I want the crate with the money
in it to be stuffed with concrete,
that shipping container
that's just sitting.
Plop that on top of the money.
Since Blake had been working
so hard for the past few days,
he ended up going right to sleep
and saved most of his work
the next day.
And although he seemed confident,
this challenge
would soon prove itself
to be more difficult
than anything
he's ever faced in these videos.
- Let’s go Blake!
- Come on, Blake!
Alright, this is day four.
I'm feeling like a zombie.
We're going to take the other
shipping container that I have.
We're going to pick that up
and we're going to put it
in a formation to where the point is
facing up, so it’s like a pyramid.
The cars will hit it, doom and fall, but
not on the money.
We've got to get that shipping container
on top as soon as possible.
It’s starting to worry me a
little bit.
Over the next few hours.
Blake did everything in his power
to place the top shipping container
at an angle to deflect the cars,
even if that meant using wooden logs
to prop it up.
If this container does not go
exactly where I want to right now,
I'm probably losing a lot of money.
We did it.
Oh, that makes me feel really good.
The water tank,
we bring that over to,
like, right
here, fill that thing with bricks,
and then we're going
to take the last car we got.
Put it right here.
That's going to block
all this is going to look great.
We got a plan, baby.
But what Blake didn't know is
I was about to introduce a twist.
Do you want to know what the twist
is?
- Yeah.
- Follow me.
See that flag over there?
That's a catapult.
So as cars fall from the top,
giant flaming balls
are going to be hurled
from the side.
Dude, I’ve been guessing millions
of things I never thought catapult.
I have, like, no more materials.
I have nothing else to use.
Throughout the final hour,
Blake raced to cover the weak spots
of his fortress.
However, there was still a key
part missing.
His water truck,
which he sent to refill in
the morning, was painfully late.
He has 90 seconds left.
Alright, here we go.
As always it comes down to the wire
with Blake.
60, 59, 58,
54, He's
drenching everything in water
before he drop the car to try
to protect the money from the fire.
30 seconds remain.
You really think this is going
to stop the fire?
Oh, yeah, baby.
Three, two, one. Drop it.
Just for that.
I'm not showing mercy
on the last one.
- You knew that was going to happen, dude.
- That was intentional.
Oh man, moment of truth.
Look how high up that bad boy is.
This is only the first of five
flaming cars.
We're going to be dropping.
On top of the five flaming death balls
from the catapult.
- You ready? Blake?
- Get this going, dude.
Light it on fire!
Now drop it.
Oh, no.
Oh my Gosh!
Hold on.
Everything is actually setting
on fire right now.
The burning car successfully
rolled off the container.
However, the wood
that Blake used to prop it up
quickly engulfed in flames.
Dude, what's going on?
What is happening?
What in there is on fire, Blake?
I don't.
I don't even know what to say.
What was on top
of the shipping container?
All right, there is wood there.
Let’s not jinx it.
Knock on wood.
You put wood?
And you knew we are
dropping flaming cars?
I needed to use them, dude.
Luckily, Blake
did surround his money
with cinderblocks,
so there's still a very high
likelihood his money is unburned.
And since we're about to go
into the coolest part of this video,
obviously now I'm going to tell you
about ACORNS.
Their debit card is meant to help
you grow your money,
not just spend it,
which I'll tell you
more about in a second, fire!
ACORNS just launched
the new Mighty Oak debit card.
They made with Dwayne Johnson
Cool thing about this
debit card is every time
you make a purchase,
it automatically rounds up
to the nearest dollar
and invest the difference for you.
Believe it or not, your money
is also under attack, not by flaming
death balls, but by things like
bills, spending and inflation.
Which is why
when you're not spending
your money, you'll be hard at work
in two of the highest APYs
available.
Chandler, what does APYs mean?
It means you can fight back against
bills and inflation
by growing your money,
just by having it in your account.
Blake, how are you doing, buddy?
I'm remembering what it feels like
to lose one of these things.
Oh, it's a direct hit.
Right on the money.
Just from signing
up, ACORNS and I are giving you $20
to start growing your money.
So go to acorns.com/mrbeast
To learn about how you can
make your money work for you.
Light it on fire!
Drop it.
The rain of fire
continued all throughout the night.
Oh, oh.
And as the flames only grew bigger,
things started to look really
bleak for Blake's money.
No, no, no.
That fire was raging for over
an hour and a half.
It's either all going to be there
or it's not going to be there at all.
That right there is a bunch
of logs of wood.
He accidentally created
a giant bonfire.
He thought he was making a fortress,
but he was actually
making a furnace.
I mean, there's still a chance
the concrete protected the money.
Blake, moment of truth.
Did your cinderblocks
protect your money
or was the fire just too much?
Oh, my God.
Oh, no.
Oh. Oh,
Those are ruined.
Wait, hold up. The money is
fried.
It's a thousand degrees in there.
Let’s be real with ourselves, Blake.
It's gone.
As you saw,
most of the money looks like this.
Another loss.
Yeah. This one hurts
more than the laser one.
What hurts the most is that I worked
so hard for nothing.
Yeah, it sucks.
The challenge is officially over.
And before you go, Blake,
I have an offer for you.
You have two choices.
You can either walk away with
$100,000, or you could get a third
and final chance
to compete in a future video.
- All right, I'm coming back.
- You're coming back?
I'm coming back.
Okay.
Blake's last chance to win
a video is going to be right here,
but it won't be out until February.
I don't think me, the audience.
Everyone can bear to see
you lose a third time.
I'll see you then.